[Music]
the land of the free and the home of the
brave
and apparently huge freezing cold houses
with weird sockets wait what's so
strange about American homes well
anytime I invite my non-american friends
over to my house they're happy to point
out how bizarre it is for example what
big houses first of all not all
Americans have huge houses plenty of
people rent small apartments and houses
come in all different sizes but yeah
I'll agree that the typical American
home is pretty big and spacious compared
to other countries where the average
square footage for European houses is
about 1500 feet
it's 2700 feet in the US I guess the
numbers don't lie
number 2 a room for everything to fill
our giant houses we've got a room for
pretty much anything you can imagine if
you can count closets as tiny rooms and
they kind of are when you think about it
every American home has multiples of
those there are closets for clothes in
each bedroom usually one near the front
door for coats and shoes one in the
bathroom or hallway for towels one in
the kitchen in the form of a pantry yep
we love storage space that's built into
the house
those big wardrobes you might get from
Ikea aren't really a thing here number
three huge personal washers and dryers
speaking of rooms there's also usually
one just for doing laundry also most
Americans have both a washer and a
separate dryer and they tend to be big
too my European friends tell me that
their washer is in the kitchen or
bathroom and they hang their clothes to
dry but again I'm sure it comes down to
the issue of space still even if a
person in the US doesn't have their own
they just go down to the laundromat to
use the machines there you won't see
many Americans hand washing their
clothes or hanging them the dry I mean
who has time for that
for basements
and here's yet another way to have
plenty of storage space or of course if
you're in the Midwest basements serve as
a shelter when a tornado hits but
besides storage and tornado safety a lot
of American homes have gorgeous finished
basements that serve as another living
space it might be in the form of a guest
room or a recreational area to hang out
in five the abandoned dining room and
there are some rooms that we don't even
use at all okay maybe this just applies
to my family but we never use the dining
room it's there we have a beautiful
dining table but we always just take our
dinner to the living room and watch TV
while we hae dinner in a movie
six serious about fire safety more
specifically I'm talking about having
multiple smoke alarms throughout the
house I personally have one in the
kitchen another in the hallway and one
in each bedroom that's what the National
Fire Protection Association recommends
and I'm probably not alone in following
their guidelines to a tee fire safety is
taken so seriously in the States that
landlords can get in big trouble if they
don't immediately fix a nonworking smoke
alarm for their tenants and perhaps it's
for fire safety or just a convenience
thing but I've always had an electric
stove in any house I've lived in gas
stoves aren't as popular as they are
elsewhere in the world seven
wall-to-wall carpeting this point will
often depend on how old a house is
because a lot of the old ones have
wooden floors but most homes especially
the newer ones have wall-to-wall
carpeting in every room well now the
kitchen or bathroom of course but
everywhere else it's carpeted is this
really just an American thing if you're
from another country you'll have to let
me know down below eight how low can you
go now my European friends find my
toilet quite fascinating and mildly
confusing
I guess toilets in the US sit lower than
the ones in Europe do it's not because
we're necessarily shorter
or that it's more comfortable for us low
sitting toilets actually serve a purpose
being closer to the ground is a
healthier and more natural way to you
know do your numbers before we even had
commodes our caveman ancestors squatted
on the ground so just trying to keep it
on natural over here and well civilize
too of course 9 toilet bowls full of
water you didn't think I was done
talking about toilets did you okay one
more toilet fact for the day in the US
they're full of water on his first visit
to the States one of my friends actually
thought my toilet was clogged nope
all that water is totally normal and
serves several purposes as well first of
all it keeps the bull from getting too
dirty and staining the porcelain that
way we don't have to use the brush as
often it also minimizes smells but there
is a downside of more splashing if you
know what I mean and I think you do
10:1 faucet to rule them all I haven't
done a lot of traveling but I have been
to the UK and I was flabbergasted by the
separate faucets in the bathroom
how do you guys use those anyways I have
to wash my hands under scalding hot or
freezing cold water separately jump back
and forth between the two in the u.s.
sinks always have just one faucet and
you can customize the temperature of the
water however you like
now as for getting that perfect
temperature when you're taking a shower
don't even get me started on that 11
crank up the AC yeah most of us leave
the AC running all through the summer
instead of opening a window or using a
fan probably not the most cost efficient
solution especially in a big house but
it just feels so nice the same goes for
cranking the heat up in the winter you
won't see many radiators in the US
twelve
wearing shoes inside most of the world
has a pretty strict policy about taking
your shoes off at the front door but
that's not really the case here most
families are totally okay with wearing
shoes
inside around the house as long as
they're not muddy or anything sure there
are those American families that don't
do it so if you're ever in the States
it's customary to ask if you need to
take your shoes off at the front door
most of the time the answer will be yeah
you're fine 13 switch lists sockets now
apparently in Europe you have a switch
to either allow the power to flow by
turning a button on or cutting it by
switching it off in America you don't
have this option and that's most likely
because of the fact that we have a lower
voltage running through our sockets so
the risk of shocking yourself when you
unplug something without turning the
socket off first isn't as high 14 no
teakettle in the kitchen the u.s. is
mostly a coffee drinking country so we
don't really use tea kettles and if
you're thinking well what about a kettle
to boil water for instant coffee the
answer to that my friend is that most
homes have a coffee maker to brew it
fresh 15 garbage disposals ah yes the
convenience of rinsing your plate right
in the sink flipping the switch and
sending all that ground-up food down the
drain
garbage disposals are a lot more common
in the states in fact over 50% of
American homes have one I imagine it
comes down to better sanitation and
avoiding raunchy smells coming from your
trash can 16 flags everywhere Americans
really do love to display the old
star-spangled banner
so most homes here have at least one
hanging outside the house but it's not
just our national flag we like the hoist
a lot of people have a flag with their
favorite football team or the college
they went to on it what can I say
we like flags 17 pristine lots and
finally surrounding that big house full
of rooms closets carpet and weird
sockets we have our beautiful lawns
okay the perfect pristine kind are
usually only found in the suburbs but in
general
Americans like to take care of their
yard plus most neighborhoods have rules
about it even if you don't want to you
often have to keep your lawn mowed and
free of leaves or clutter everything's
got to look nice and clean and now
whether you're American are not which of
these things apply to your house let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet mm-hmm we
have over 2,000 cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life